Hello everybody.
Welcome back.
They were going to see a lot to gauge the correlation of the independent variables with what was foursquare.
There is only one these so that we can get a sense oh what CEOs are going to be a stronger party there
is when they will get you know our model.
Now this is not the exact correlation that the models are going to have but it is a very good educational
step to get familiar which fields may actually impact the model.
So let's run the code first.
We're going to grade the correlation but which is going to come from a dataset that has all the fields
because this correlation requires two independent fields that we're using to be in.
So we're going to remove the categorical variables and we're going to keep the binary variables in any
of my or.
So let's begin with the block.
First we need to create the sense that we're going to be.
And this is just the original way to say minus a couple columns and the scores are of course the response
variable which is charged to this and then the user identifier which we don't need as well.
We're also going to get rid of the category variables which are housing payments.
And finally the sign which is just Soliah or sign.
So we have our chosen they sit here and you just set up a new line.
This is a three and we're going to continue plodding within the same line.
So luckily for us this particular Pandurs the hostile or wing functions which grew 8 8 correlational
each of the columns with the argument this function and the argument to this function is going to be
to say that churn the response so that we create a correlation matrix of all the independent columns.
That response.
The next thing is the blah.
So again we use the internal functions of lab in bar which uses a BB Block.
And this is going to finish the entire planning process.
We just want a couple more arguments to the bar but so that is good to see.
So let's give those arguments.
The first one is going to be precise and simple to your size.
This depends on your screen.
My screen is much better with a figure such as 25:10.
Great.
The next step is to get the actual font size and the title.
So the title is going to be the simple correlation with the responsible title so that we can tell anybody
it seems.
But what exactly we're showing that this is great.
And then of course they say the font size font size is just going to be 20 in my case.
Well actually 15:15 it is better for this.
And again you guys can play with these values to make sure it matches your screen better then we're
going to get a rotation.
Are you 45 degrees so that we don't turn our head to the right through read the X games this way.
The claim was I wrote it in a little bit and we can see just fine straight.
And finally this is just my preference.
I'm going to say.
True.
So it makes it very clear that it was so say this entire process of building these correllation plot
holes shows action.
So it's going to be slow.
There's a few columns here that we could analyze.
So let's begin with the first h h these Mubarak you know on the very left side.
And what does this tell us.
This player is telling us that H is negatively correlated to the response variable.
AK The smaller the H it is the most likely for the response variable to be won.
So the younger you are the most likely for you.
OK.
The same we see for that posses we drolls in purchases which are the next three Revox smaller amount
of deposits.
The most likely churn is more among that he draws in purses.
This makes a lot of sense because this means that the less activity you have the more slack you're going
to turn the single price for partner is of course not the next one is take.
And this one is a little bit more weird.
This is telling us that if you think credit or with us you're going to be more likely to hurt.
So maybe this is giving us some insights into the fact that people are not very happy with the credit
card feature that we have with the Kraker product.
So this could be interesting to explore further if we want to see your out while discussing our users
believe that.
Now since you recommend this means the least amount of recommendations you have the more likely you
are to churn.
So if I give you more and more recommendations you're going to be less likely.
OK.
So we just want to get those recommendations up so that people are a it.
Now this is like and like these surprisingly seem to be both possibly correlated.
So it's still a..
And the size of the bar is really small so the correlations that strong so this conclusion might not
help but it's still there just a little bit if you like.
Or is that any of the props that we have in your wallet.
Sure.
OK good.
Moving forward.
So the obligation being meaning that the less applications you are getting the more likely.
Sure.
And the opposite meaning that the issues that you see in the more likely you are to say OK.
That makes a lot of sense now I don't know if you have downloaded the app then you're most likely to
stay with this a.
You have not done though you want to keep going along.
We see that the strength of the box goes down a little bit.
There are not as important as some of these other fields.
We see that where user and a web app user and both iOS users well are correlating with MS phosphate
meaning that if you're web user and a web user or an Iowa as you say you're more likely to turn it your
natural user you actually want it to say OK.
Interesting.
If you have registered more phones you are more likely to learn.
And if you are waiting for a loan at this point you're more likely to say hey we can make assumptions
on why this may be.
But remember the strength of the illusion is very small.
If you see here on the y axis it's only around points or 5 which is only 5 percent.
So these correlations Even though are nice to see.
They're not that strong but it can give us some educational insights on what really is a variable and
in which way is more important.
We have cancell long receipt loan reject alone for two months plus for one month of them be positively
correlated meaning that if somebody performs that action they are more likely to.
OK.
And finally is it still correlated which could make me a little bit of sense meaning that if you have
been referred by somebody you are less likely to check.
OK.
So this is a good insight on what may be good for our model.
We see the obviously the financial activity is very important but it does also have some kind of impact
on the response there.
So moving forward we're going to continue with a few more additional blocks specifically the coalition
meetings.
So that's what we're analyzing the next week.
Thank you guys very much for watching and see you next hour.